Settings
General
Name
A unique name for your Static Site.

clifton_proj

Edit
Build & Deploy
Repository
The repository used for your Static Site.

https://github.com/mohamedazzim/clifton_proj

Edit
Branch
The Git branch to build and deploy.


main

Edit
Git Credentials
User providing the credentials to pull the repository.

21ua2963@jmc.edu (you)
Use My Credentials
Root DirectoryOptional
If set, Render runs commands from this directory instead of the repository root. Additionally, code changes outside of this directory do not trigger an auto-deploy. Most commonly used with a monorepo.


Edit
Build Filters
Include or ignore specific paths in your repo when determining whether to trigger an auto-deploy. Paths are relative to your repo's root directory. Learn more.


Edit
Included Paths
Changes that match these paths will trigger a new build.


Add Included Path
Ignored Paths
Changes that match these paths will not trigger a new build.


Add Ignored Path
Build Command
Render runs this command to build your app before each deploy.

$
npm install && npm run build

Edit
Publish Directory
The relative path of the directory containing built assets to publish. Examples:./build, dist and frontend/build.

dist/public

Edit
Auto-Deploy
By default, Render automatically deploys your service whenever you update its code or configuration. Disable to handle deploys manually. Learn more.


On Commit

Edit
Deploy Hook
Your private URL to trigger a deploy for this server. Remember to keep this a secret.

••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••



Regenerate hook
Custom Domains
You can point custom domains you own to this service. See DNS configuration instructions.

Add Custom Domain
Render Subdomain
If enabled, your service remains reachable at its onrender.com subdomain in addition to all custom domains. Disable to serve exclusively from custom domains.


enabled
Your service is reachable at https://clifton-proj.onrender.com.
PR Previews
Pull Request Previews
Spin up temporary instances to test pull requests opened against the main branch of mohamedazzim/clifton_proj. Choose Automatic to preview all PRs, or Manual for only PRs with [render preview] in their title. Pull Request Previews create a new instance for just this service. Use Preview Environments to clone a group of services for every PR.


Off

Edit
Notifications
Service Notifications
Set notifications to receive for your service. This setting will override your workspace's default settings.


Use workspace default (Only failure notifications)

Edit
Preview Environment Notifications
Configure notifications for preview environments and service previews.


Use account default (Disabled)

Edit

Delete Static Site

Suspend Static Site